Into the tank is an accessory for the tech generation.
Hi. My name is Joe Croft.
I'm from San Clemente California and I'm here asking
for $750,000 in exchange for 5% of my company,
Gunner Optics
Sharks. We live in a world dominated by screens,
phones, computers, tablets, P CS.
You're probably staring at a screen 6 to 8 hours a day. At
the end of a long day. Your eyes might feel a little bit like this,
like they're covered in sand
or perhaps they're dry and irritated because they take a pounding
or
maybe you've got a burning sensation from all that harsh blue light
maybe you just have a headache that won't go away.
Computer eye strain has become the number one health related office complaint
in the United States outstripping carpal tunnel by 40 to 1.
Now, all those screens aren't going away anytime soon.
So,
what's the solution?
Gunner optics that um
I work for a digital age.
Our patented optical technology is the only clinically proven solution
for relieving all four major symptoms of computer eye strain.
Gunner can help prevent dry eyes,
reduce muscular, eye fatigue
fight against glare
and very importantly,
scientifically proven to reduce that harmful blue light
emitted from those screens by 65%.
Using your eye wear, you'll find an increase in optical clarity,
focus and visual performance.
So hopefully those long days at work don't feel quite so long.
So sharks,
let's make headaches and digital eye fatigue. A thing of the past
in a world where screens are never more than a few feet away.
The need to protect your eyes has never been so clear.
So I've got some samples here to pass out. Good.
Lovely.
Here you go.
For name.
There you go,
sir.
And for you. Thank you so much.
Thank you Joe for you. Thank you very much.
So,
as you hold that out in the computer viewing distance, you'll see
that the contrast is enhanced. There's a
-- feel your eyes relax, it
-- blocks the blue light. Correct.
Absolutely.
In fact, we've scientifically measured it,
we block 65% of the blue light that's emitted from all those screens.
So yellow light is more calming and better for the eyes.
-- So there's
-- a lot of science that goes into why yellow light is
much better and why blue light which is very close to the UV.
Part of the spectrum is high energy and it is actually
imaging to you and it can disrupt your sleep patterns.
-- So let's get right into the
-- business.
Tell us about your sales.
There's gonna be a lot of sales with the $16 million valuation.
Last year, we sold $6.5 million worth of eyewear.
Wow.
I like it. What about this year? This year we're trending towards 7.5.
We are approaching 60% gross margin. That's great.
-- What's the average price point, average, price point right now is around 60 to
-- 80?
-- Then are you making money? And if so how much
-- the answer is? Yes.
And last year you bet do was 500.
You're doing a 60% margin, which is great, but you only made half a million E but
where's the cost going? So
we are going to build a brand.
We have penetrated into the gaming category.
I was thinking for gamers, this would be absolutely.
Strength has been right.
Gaming is where you basically deliver this with the gaming crowd.
We sponsor a number of E sports athletes. E sports is the wild west right now.
Do you have a patent?
That is a great question because we not only have a patent, we've got
battle tested. IP
we have gone toe to toe with some of the largest people in the industry out there.
We've gone into the courtroom and come out victorious. Joe. Does that have to?
What's your experience in the eyewear business?
-- I
-- spent a formative part of my career at Oakley, which as you guys probably know,
dominates the performance category of sports.
How much did you raise? We've over the course of a company raised $9 million.
-- There's the rock just got dropped.
-- How much do you owe me
personally? At 20%?
Ok.
-- What happened to the
-- wrist as you raise you dilute,
you've had to continue to raise money.
-- That means something
-- didn't work.
We really have only raised money in two large tranches.
So we haven't raised any money for the last several years.
The company is profitable. Right. Ok. Well, good for you. That's a good start.
-- Absolutely. If you
-- can give the numbers, it might help just rapidly.
What your revenue has been last year? 6.5
the year prior we were 8 million,
8 million. Correct?
And
your prior was about the same. What are you gonna use the money for
marketing?
That's a key thing. We need to get the exposure out.
We are evangelists about how bad people's eyes are becoming.
So then you must have debt.
We do have debt,
how much debt? 1.2. 0,
wow.
When I see an entrepreneur who has a 20% stake in the business,
I stopped looking at them as an entrepreneur.
Honestly,
I think of them as an employee with an incentive. It makes me feel very uncertain.
I'm mel
ok.
I'm in the computer business. I work with
300 computer geeky guys. I will buy them anything they want.
We look at screens 24 hours a day, seven days a week for some of the biggest companies.
In the world. No one has ever come to me and said
my gosh, I need a pair of yellow glasses.
You've raised $9 million. There's just a lot of uncertainty for me.
Sorry,
I'm out.
You deserve a lot of credit. A ton of credit
because you are an eyewear industry. Survivor.
There's not a lot of those, but in looking for an investment,
I'm not looking for a Survivor. I'm looking for a Thriver. Right. It,
it's not obvious to me that you know exactly how you're going to use the money.
-- What
-- we do need to do is go from a
niche marketed product which is strictly in the gaming space.
We need to get out into the mainstream. We need to go QVC. You need to
no, see you're making my point. Right.
Bouncing, bouncing, pivoting, pivoting, pivoting,
looking for something to take you to the next level,
but you don't know what that is yet.
And because you don't know what that answer is.
I have to say a mountain
look, I'm torn
because
I love the brand.
I like you.
You got the energy, you got the passion
and I think you have a brand name here
that can truly be built. But what I do well is
I add fuel to growth brands
and
much as I love your passion.
I feel that the time has been there to
take this brand into channels that would have caught
and much as my heart is saying, jump in with the guy.
My gut from a financial standpoint
is reticent.
And for that reason,
I a
good luck Joe.
There's
no,
there's
more
four sharks are out
and Laurie is Joe's last chance at a deal for his computer Safe Eyewear company,
Gunner Optics.
When you put those glasses on two things I noticed happen.
One that irritating blue light is gone.
Two,
it's much clearer and it's almost like the letters get bigger and more defined.
Very interesting to me because I have sold a product called Neo
Neo
Sunglasses. I've sold probably $30 million worth of them.
My concern here is that you have a lot of debt. You don't have a lot of equity.
I see a solution.
I see the solution is
I do feel TV is what you need.
You need the demonstration because once you look through them, you're sold,
I'm gonna give you a flyer, but
it's gonna be this,
I'm gonna give you 375
as an investment,
375 as a loan at 8%
for
8%
-- and I'll try to blow it up for you.
-- That's a no brainer. That, that is amazing.
I love the fact that we have an offer on the table
-- and
-- the only offer on the
table
-- it
-- is the only offer on the table.
-- I feel
-- confident that I can sell these
and I know you can
out of respect to our current investment base because just
like you would want me to care for your money.
I need to care for the money of our current investors
taking that much of the company would be tough for those current investments.
What if I gave you the 750 K all as a loan
at 8% and I take 5%.
Listen, I see me as a great lifeline for you
because you need awareness.
You really need awareness,
-- you know your margins, we know our margins.
-- Absolutely.
So you know how much more you have to sell
-- to pay back? The 750
-- 1000 that 750 K coming in is beautiful. We love it.
The equity slice just seems a little bit rich.
I'd love to counter with 2.5%
on the equity slice. Wow,
-- 2.5 you came in here offering five
-- exactly 5750 straight straight equity.
You're dealing with one of the biggest brand builders
in America here and we know that we wouldn't
nickel and dime it like you wanna go from 6 to 60 not from 6 to 7.
-- I wouldn't play with
-- fire.
The 2.5% is
just
-- so small.
-- Is there somewhere in the middle there?
Are you really gonna
-- do that for just 2.5%? Nickel
-- and diamond?
Yeah, I, I'm asking the question because we really want to get a deal done and
say
-- yes to the five
-- percent.
-- If you really want to
-- do a deal,
the only reason I mentioned the equity is with that growth and again,
being in a space where there's a ton of
danger of losing the one deal you have on the table. Hold on.
We're having a nice discussion, Joe, you're gonna lose
the
2.5.
Take
-- my
-- deal. Are we up to? How about four?
I don't want to do.
All right, let's go ahead and do it.
Yes. Let's go ahead and do it.
All
right.
Here we
go.
All right. This should be fun. This great product. It is a great
product.
The
Congratulations. Congratulations.
When it came down to the actual deal on the table, it got very, very real.
You're taking money, that's real dollars.
This is real investors that are gonna be affected by it.
That's when I started to sweat. But at the end of the day we got the deal done.
I
think my blood pressure's coming down just a little bit.
Next up is an entrepreneur from Austin,
-- Texas with a new way to work out while having
-- fun.
Hello, Sharks. My name is Terry Jones and I'm the CEO of Nexor.
We're seeking a $2 million investment for a 10% stake in our company,
Nexor.
The next generation exercise system is an interactive and
intelligent fitness and gaming platform that delivers a fast,
fun and effective workout for everyone.
It doesn't matter if you're an average Joe or if you're an Olympic medalist,
like my friend Marlon Esparza
Nexor
combines the benefits of a personal trainer with
the fun and excitement of today's online games.
You simply select your personal profile, then you choose between circuit training
high intensity interval rounds or a one on one challenge against
one of our Nexus avatars and you're ready to go.
That's
you would kick my ass.
There you go. And when you're complete,
Nexus provides a detailed analysis of your work.
Every time you train, you're gonna live a happier sexier,
healthier life using the same methods as professional
boxers and M ma athletes around the globe.
So which of you sharks would like to
draw first blood against your ultimate opponent.
We've got a uh special avatar that we brought.
Hey,
that's a good looking dude. There you go, Marlo. Be really easy on him.
-- He's a wonderful guy. One punch Cuban where
-- lights up you hit.
Look at him,
I'm just
gonna
uh
Mr Wonderful. You're in trouble. I gotta tell you.
Look at that.
Awesome.
Ready to go, Mark.
But you can see Mark was 36% accurate.
He was hitting real hard but not necessarily real accurate.
-- I didn't
-- feel a thing.
-- Mark. Was it
-- fun?
I mean, it was a nice little workout.
How long do we do? You did 15 seconds? I mean, doing three minutes on that
would be a great workout. Terry eventually. We got to get to this.
We put a huge valuation in this company $20 million. Do you have any sales?
Uh we do, we are uh sales to date are a little over $4 million. Wow,
4.2 million. That's over about 18 months.
Do you make any money? We are not profitable yet.
We should be profitable in September of this year.
And is this designed for gyms and the home? Absolutely.
The black model is the personal model. The silver model is the commercial model.
Where are the sales? Give me the breakdown currently?
About 70% commercial and about 30% home.
I think it's very cool. I do really like it.
You get demonstration,
-- I think better than almost anyone in the world having your experience while
-- you're
up to Laurie. Let's go back to the numbers.
-- What's your cost to make one
-- of those units?
Uh just under $2000 for the commercial units?
Well, Terry,
-- this is
-- really a digital punching bag punching bag costs about $1200 a good one,
leather, et cetera.
-- What does that
-- cost? Uh The commercial unit is $7000.
Who
it is? That's very, that's
-- you can buy a car
-- or
-- buy
-- this
or you can buy a uh buy a treadmill or an elliptical in the same price range.
What about the home unit? How much is that, Terry?
Uh
2995. How did you sell them?
We sell, we promote it on TV, with direct to consumer advertising.
We sell electronically. We've been running infomercials.
Uh, we've run one in two minute spots. Not the long form.
How are those doing?
Uh, they did very well. We ran them last year.
We've spent about a million dollars in TV. Last year,
uh,
generated about a million and a half dollars in sales that brings up something else.
How much in debt are you?
Uh We have on our balance sheet about uh $7.5 million a shareholder.
I knew I was gonna get to
that
one. Terry, Terry, how much of that is your own money?
Uh
A
small portion of that is mine and my family's money and that means
that now we're gonna find out you own very little of this company,
correct?
Um
I uh own
about 35% of the company.
You know, I'm a nice guy, so I wouldn't do this to you.
But if I were an opportunistic guy,
I would just simply wait for that debt to come due and then I'd own your company.
Basically, that's what those debtors are gonna do.
-- If you don't figure out a way to pay them, they'll own all the equity when this is
-- over.
Um
We don't believe that's gonna happen given where we are
in run rate by the time that debt is due,
our cash flow will allow us to repay that debt.
-- But, you
-- know,
in life and in business. Pooh, pooh happens.
Don't you think a savvy financial investor
in which I'm gonna include myself right now
would want to see that resolved before I put a dime into this company.
Because if I buy your equity at this valuation
of $20 million and the dead guys aren't happy.
-- I'm screwed,
-- Terry.
We will be uh repaying that and addressing the happens if you don't,
well, we'll have to deal with those creditors at that time.
How many investors do you have? We have about 60 investors. 60
-- have your investors
-- seen any money back yet? Oh, hell no,
no.
This is a story about a lot of debt,
-- great product.
-- Too much
debt.
I'm out.
Thank you. I have gone to the future in a split second
and here's what happened.
The debt wasn't paid back
and those shareholders wiped you out.
You are now an employee of the company with no equity at all.
The smartest guys on the balance sheet are always the debt guys.
-- They know your
-- future already.
Luckily those guys are also my common stock and convertible to venture partner,
-- but they're gonna
-- own all
that doesn't matter.
They're gonna force you into bankruptcy and anything
that you own is going to be gone.
Any assets that you had are going to be sold
and they're gonna take their pennies on the dollar.
They're not your friend.
Good luck to you. But I have a feeling
when we meet you again.
You're gonna be an employee. That's it.
I'm out.
You know, I'd love to, uh, be before you today with less debt.
Unfortunately, the markets told us how we could raise money to deliver it.
We're standing before you with two products with a $20 million valuation,
which is a fraction of companies like total gym like Nordic Trek, like Bowflex.
These are billion dollar market cap,
not anything
like them at all.
Those are very simple devices. How you even spent $7.5 million to develop?
This is beyond me and the valuation.
Normally,
I'm the one who doesn't care about valuation because you can always grow past it.
If you've learned from the wise one, I wouldn't call you the wise one,
but
it's just crazy
for that reason. I'm out.
Ok.
You know, you're like in the third round with a young Mike Tyson.
He's giving you two body blows, but he's about to cock back
and crack your head to the white meat.
Dead is dangerous.
I'm out
and then there was one
I like it. I think it looks like a lot of fun.
Great way to have a workout.
I think that it's a great product.
You are in serious debt,
but I think you'll get out of it,
but I don't like to get into that type of situation.
And for that reason,
I'm out.
Thank you, Laurie.
-- Thank you, Sherlock, Eric. Thanks very much.
-- All the best.
I didn't know if he was gonna get out. Laurie.
His mouthpiece is in the third row by now.
-- It's one of those slow
-- motion
while I appreciate what the Sharks said. I have no doubt
that Nexor
and our team will be successful.
We will overcome these low balance sheet issues
and continue to grow to a profitable worldwide company
into the tank is a high tech way to transport you to an alternate reality.
Hello, Sharks. My name is Jan Gulu.
I'm from Houston, Texas. Our company is Virtue
and we are seeking $2 million in exchange for 10% of our company.
This
is the Omni
the first ever virtual reality platform that allows you
to be truly a part of the video game.
The Omni is an omnidirectional treadmill but it removed all the moving parts.
It's basically a low friction surface on which the user walks
with his special shoes that have a low friction sole.
Steve will also put on a support belt which provides safety.
Can't fall on the omni also provides some support so you can use the omni
hands free so you can hold a controller or a gun in your hand.
The omni can be played with any existing game that uses keyboard input.
Once you're in the omni, you can put on the virtual reality glasses. Oh Cool.
This is right up your alley.
The OMNI enables you to walk,
run,
jump
and crouch
in 360 degrees and put your mind and your body into
the video game to transport you into a different world.
Cool. Wow.
Virtual reality hasn't ever broken through because the technology wasn't ready.
That's all changing. Now,
the technology is here. The omni is here.
So which of you sharks want to be
on the forefront of this virtual reality revolution?
Robert, you look excited. Would you like to try it out? I'd love to try it. He
absolutely.
Whose glasses are you using? This is the Oculus Rift. OK.
So you're using the Oculus Rift, right? Oculus Rift?
You can interface with the different types of video platforms. That's right.
Be careful when you pick up when you get in, you better give Robert a vomit bag.
All right. Now, I'm gonna set up the connect. What's it like in there? Robert?
It's very cool. So Robin the gun is just a trigger.
So you aim at your look and there's a very cool.
-- Oh,
-- wow.
Run dermal. Run
look. He's back in Croatia.
-- Kevin come out and
-- play
Kenneth.
All right.
Very
cool. Feels very, very immersive. How much is it?
We're selling those on our website right now for $499. That's it.
That's cheaper than I would have thought. How many have you sold?
So, we launched this product on Kickstarter and
we raised $1.1 million. Wow.
How many units are you gonna have to deliver? Close to 3000.
Thank you very much, John. That was awesome. Great.
It was very cool. Very, very cool.
-- Where do you see how uncool you looked up there when you win,
-- when you were on there?
I was, but I don't know if I was winded because I didn't know how to use it.
-- I think once you got used to it, you'd
-- be fine.
Do you think that uh, guys who play games like this want to exercise?
Because usually they have a side job as a plus size model.
-- Most guys who are
-- well play games, nobody likes being overweight.
People would like to be fit, but gamers, they don't like to exercise.
We can play games and lose weight and burn calories at the same time.
People are excited about it. There's a weight loss machine as well.
Is that what you're thinking? Absolutely.
But there's a bigger issue, right?
This is pretty much based around Oculus Rift, right?
As Oculus Rift goes, you guys go, can you tell me what that is Oculus
Rift? That's the headset.
The rift is basically what started this virtual reality revolution.
They've done a phenomenal job of allowing you to put on a headset
and be in an immersive world. Is that included in the price?
It's not included in the price
for that
$300. Is the gun included? The gun is off the shelf, you can buy it online.
It sounds like it's gonna be an 8 to $900 cost, which is quite a bit.
Why don't you tell us why you're worth $20 million today?
I mean, no one's addressed that. I
think it's the elephant in the room.
That's a ridiculous valuation for this. Let me walk you through the numbers.
The rift is an analog for our product. Same target market, same people.
They're selling 200 of these per day right now.
Their projects to do 500,000 units in sales next year.
If we convert one out of 20 buyers of the rift, well,
we will be selling 25,000 units next year, which is $12.5 million
sales.
There's a fundamental difference though, when I buy the headgear,
I can still sit around and lounge.
You're forcing me to stand and you're forcing me to be interactive.
I don't think people want to be that interactive. I sold three
times
on the number just without a product. We can debate the merits of the product.
I'm just trying to look at the sheer number.
You want me to pay your value two years from now. Today,
here's my thinking on it.
If my husband brought this into my house, I would divorce him immediately.
I
think it's a problem because of its size in the home.
I also think it's a tremendous problem to sell this in retail.
I sell a lot of product now through retail,
I couldn't get anybody to give the floor space to this.
You'd pay so much just to demonstrate it. But I think that's a concern.
You have to realize that 50% of the population is married and
they're gonna have to deal with their wife on this one.
So I'm out,
you know, I see the market,
you know, Black Ops did amazing Grand Theft Auto. Right. Breaking records.
I,
I see the market but I also don't see somebody playing this
more than an hour or half an hour a day before.
They can't even play anymore because they're out of breath or they're tired,
they just won't revisit it.
So for all those reasons and more,
I'm out,
look great product. I will definitely buy one.
But I think I'm an anomaly. You better talk to your wife. She's not a pushover.
Well, we have a big house barber. She'll never see it.
But I don't think that people want to exercise and
immerse themselves in the fiscal world to that degree.
I think if people really want to immerse themselves that way,
I think they'll go outside.
I, I don't buy the premise. I'm out.
I see you going with it,
but it is a sub segment of a subsegment market and it's very expensive.
I look at it and say to myself,
is this a good deal of $20 million where you are right now?
And the answer is no, it's not.
There's too much risk between your delivery of a consumer product,
a retail distribution strategy and your sales, you've got tons of risk,
all kinds of risk.
And I gotta pay tomorrow's price today. I hate deals like that.
I hate it when you make me pay for two years from now.
If everything works today, why would I do that? I'm not an idiot.
Why would I do that because of the potential you're going to have problems.
T, is gonna happen. My friend
and I have to pay for that now.
No,
it's an outrage ridiculous. I'm out.
I get what you're doing.
I could see you creating 20 million in sales, 25 million in sales with this.
But
you're competing just like headsets are gonna be competing
just like the um consoles are gonna be competing.
You're one more, one more outlet competing for consumer dollars,
you have to push that ball so hard to keep going.
If you haven't told me that there's a way to get to 50 million in sales and in six years,
there's gonna be completely new technology that blows all this away
for those reasons. I'm out.
Thank you. Thanks guys.
You know,
I look at the experience and what can people learn from what happened here today?
And for me, the lesson is very interesting. Ip, way overpriced.
If you had put this at a 5 million valuation,
it would have been very interesting.
Good luck. Thank you, John.
Anybody who pays 20 million for that. Is insane. Gamers are lazy.
Like most human beings, they don't want to exercise,
they don't.